CVE-2023-31136 (#77)
vapor/blog: Content/posts/security-advisory-GHSA-9cfh-vx93-84vv.md

---
date: 2023-05-10 13:30

> description: We've fixed an issue in PostgresNIO - CVE-2023-31136

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: We've fixed a security issue in PostgresNIO - CVE-2023-31136
```

tags: framework, security update
authors: Tim; Gwynne
authorImageURLs: /author-images/tim.jpg; /author-images/gwynne.jpg
---
# PostgresNIO Security Vulnerability

> We're sorry for the delay in publishing. We had issues with our deployment pipeline that's now fixed.

We released [PostgresNIO 1.14.2](https://github.com/vapor/postgres-nio/releases/tag/1.14.2) last week, which contains a security fix for a vulnerability in PostgresNIO's TLS support. This has been designated as CVE-2023-31136.

Any user of PostgresNIO connecting to servers with TLS enabled is vulnerable to a man-in-the-middle attacker injecting false responses to the client's first few queries, despite the use of TLS certificate verification and encryption. This is related to the issue in PostgreSQL itself, [CVE-2021-23222](https://www.postgresql.org/support/security/CVE-2021-23222/).

> Special thanks to PostgreSQL's Tom Lane <tgl@sss.pgh.pa.us> for reporting the original issue and Fabian Fett and Gwynne Raskind for fixing the issue!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special thanks to PostgreSQL's Tom Lane <tgl@sss.pgh.pa.us> for reporting the original issue and [Fabian Fett](https://github.com/fabianfett) for the fix in PostgresNIO!
```
